docs(tabstrip): Revamp Overveiw (#1056)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/overview.md

# Blazor TabStrip Overview

The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/tabstrip" target = "_blank">Blazor TabStrip component</a> displays a collection of tabs, containing associated content, which enable the user to switch between different views inside a single component.

## Creating Blazor TabStrip

1. Use the `<TelerikTabStrip>` tag.
1. Add a nested `<TabStripTab>` tag for each tab you want to include in the component.

> 1. Set tab titles through the `Title` parameter of the `<TabStripTab>` tags. You can additionally configure the tabs as desired - read more in the [Tabs Configuration]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-configuration%}) article.

Reviewer: "You can additionally configure the tabs as desired" is not actionable and unnecessary. The link may be omitted too, as we link to that page below. `Visible` and `Enabled` are not vital parameters that justify the link here

1. Place the desired content in the tabs - it can be any content, including other components.

>caption TabStrip with specified tab position and a disabled tab

````CSHTML
@using Telerik.Blazor.Components

> <TelerikTabStrip TabPosition="Telerik.Blazor.TabPosition.Left">

Reviewer: Do we need non-default tab position at this stage of the getting started experience? If yes, we should mention it in the instructions.

## Position of the Tabs

The Blazor TabStrip component allows you to control the position of the tabs. [Read more about the Tabs Position...]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-position%})

## Persist Content

The Blazor TabStrip component can persist the content of the tabs. When the user navigates between the tabs, their content will be hidden with CSS only to avoid re-initialization. [Read more about the Persist Content...]({%slug tabstrip-persist-content%})

## Scrollable Tabs

The Blazor TabStrip allows you to scroll only its tabs. This is useful for scenarious where a lot of tabs are defined. [Read more about the Scrollable Tabs...]({%slug tabstrip-scroll-tabs%})

## TabStrip Parameters

The TabStrip provides the following features to allow further customization of its behavior:

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

| Parameter        | Type  | Header 2                                 |
|------------------|-------|------------------------------------------|

> | `ActiveTabIndex` | `int` | The currently shown tab index. Supports two-way binding.

Reviewer: "shown" should point to "tab", and not "index".

```suggestion
| `ActiveTabIndex` | `int` | The index of the currently shown tab. Supports two-way binding.
```

> |`PersistTabContent` | `bool` | Whether the tabs content will be persisted when switching the tabs. See [Persist Content]({%slug tabstrip-persist-content%})

Reviewer: Explain with different words (not "persist").

```suggestion
|`PersistTabContent` | `bool` | Whether to remove inactive tabs from the DOM (if `false), or just hide them with CSS (if `true`). See [Persist Content]({%slug tabstrip-persist-content%})
```

}
````

## Active Tab Index

By default, the initially selected tab is the first one. You can programmatically control the selected tab through the `ActiveTabIndex` parameter. [Read more about the `ActiveTabIndex`...]({%slug tabstrip-activetabindex%})

> ## Tabs Configuration

Reviewer: You can add something more specific to increase the value of the section and paragraph (e.g. mention the three tab parameters, since they are a small number anyway)

The Tabs are the building blocks of the TabStrip. The component allows individual configuration of the declared `<TabStripTab>` tags. [Read more about the available Tabs configuration options...]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-position%})

## Position of the Tabs

The Blazor TabStrip component allows you to control the position of the tabs. [Read more about the Tabs Position...]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-position%})

## Persist Content

The Blazor TabStrip component can persist the content of the tabs. [Read more about the Persist Content...]({%slug tabstrip-persist-content%})

## Scrollable Tabs

The Blazor TabStrip allows you to scroll only its tabs. This is useful for scenarious where a lot of tabs are defined. [Read more about the Scrollable Tabs...]({%slug tabstrip-scroll-tabs%})

> ## TabStrip Parameters

Reviewer: Use consistent letter casing in the descriptions.

| `Width`   | `string` | The width of the component. You can set the Width parameter to any of the [supported units]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |
| `Height`  | `string` | The height of the Component. You can set the `Height` parameter to any of the [supported units]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |

## Next Steps

* [Configure the Tabs]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-configuration%})
* [Explore the supported Tab positions]({%slug tabstrip-tabs-position%})

> ## See Also

Reviewer: Events can be moved to Next Steps
